Author document publisher extension (#1)
open-contracting-extensions/ocds_document_publisher_extension: README.md

# Document publisher

Adds a `publisher` field to the `Document` object to reference the organization responsible for making the document available.

## Legal context

In the European Union, this extension's fields correspond to [eForms OPT-301 (Party ID reference)](https://docs.ted.europa.eu/eforms/latest/reference/business-terms/). For correspondences to eForms fields, see [OCDS for eForms](https://standard.open-contracting.org/profiles/eforms/latest).

## Example

```json
{
  "parties": [
    {
      "id": "ORG-0001",
      "roles": [

>         "informationService"

Reviewer: Including this here will help eForms users as this is also a field they have to fill in, but as this is from the EU extension and not this new extension I'm not sure it should be included, it could just confuse users?

Author: Hmm, I guess the question is should every organization referenced in `Document.publisher` have 'informationService' in its roles or is that specific to eForms. Generally, we always add roles to match organization reference so I think we should probably add some usage guidance to that effect to the readme. Not sure if we should also move that code into this extension. @jpmckinney what do you think?

Reviewer 2: Hmm, yes, I suppose it makes sense to add that code in this extension instead, with guidance. The code's description is sufficiently general. Good catch!

Author: Code added in https://github.com/open-contracting-extensions/ocds_document_publisher_extension/pull/1/commits/26e2570c72622962e674e422a40badc4c199cb46

Author: And removed from the EU extension in https://github.com/open-contracting-extensions/ocds_eu_extension/pull/12/commits/6ca87c22238deb1544f6c36f688f079a404d8102

# Document publisher

> Adds a `publisher` field to the `Document` object and an 'informationService' role to the party role codelist to reference the organization responsible for making the document available.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Adds a publisher field to the document object and an 'informationService' role to indicate the organization responsible for making the document available.
```

## Usage

> For each organization referenced in `Document.publisher`, add 'informationService' to its roles array.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For each organization referenced by a `Document.publisher` field, add the 'informationService' code to its `roles` array.
```

## Legal context

> In the European Union, this extension's fields correspond to [eForms OPT-301 (Party ID reference)](https://docs.ted.europa.eu/eforms/latest/reference/business-terms/). For correspondences to eForms fields, see [OCDS for eForms](https://standard.open-contracting.org/profiles/eforms/latest).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the European Union, this extension's fields correspond to [eForms OPT-301 (Party ID reference)](https://docs.ted.europa.eu/eforms/latest/reference/business-terms/). For correspondences to eForms fields, see [OCDS for eForms](https://standard.open-contracting.org/profiles/eforms/latest/).
```
